Add changelog for 3.67.0 (#9102)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google: CHANGELOG.md

BREAKING CHANGES:
* bigquery: updating `dataset_id` or `project_id` in `google_bigquery_dataset` will now recreate the resource ([#8973](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/8973))

IMPROVEMENTS:
* accesscontextmanager: added support for `require_verified_chrome_os` in basic access levels. ([#9071](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/9071))
* billingbudget: added support for import of `google_billing_budget` ([#8990](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/8990))
* cloud_identity: added support for `initial_group_config` to the google_cloud_identity_group resource ([#9035](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/9035))
* cloudrun: added support to bind secrets from Secret Manager to environment variables or files to `google_cloud_run_service` ([#9073](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/9073))
* compute: added `initial_size` to account for scenarios where size may change under the hood in resource `google_compute_node_group` ([#9078](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/9078))

> * compute: added `interface` field to `google_compute_region_disk` (beta) ([#8989](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/8989))

Reviewer: Beta-only?

> * healthcare: support bq stream configure in google_healthcare_dicom_store ([#8986](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/8986))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* healthcare: added support for bigquery stream configure in resource google_healthcare_dicom_store ([#8986](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/8986))
```

Author: Ah, fixed this in beta but not here!
